Minor FAQ Tweaks (#4185)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/troubleshooting/faq.md

## How can I add support for my favorite cloud?

To enable a new cloud, you need to create a Pulumi Resource Provider.  This requires a gRPC interface, and can be implemented directly; see the [Pulumi Resource Provider Boilerplate](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-provider-boilerplate) to get started, and [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes) for a complete example of this.

If there is an existing Terraform Resource Provider for the target, you can also use Terraform Bridge;  see [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge/blob/master/README.md](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge/blob/master/README.md) for a description of the overall structure and process of adding a new provider using the bridge and [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-aws/blob/master/provider/resources.go](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-aws/blob/master/provider/resources.go) for a specific example.

## How can I add support for my favorite language?

> Supported languages run out of process and communicate over gRPC with the Pulumi engine and resource providers.  The protocol definitions can be found at [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/tree/master/sdk/proto](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/tree/master/sdk/proto) along with the language providers themselves.  You can look at how we added support for Go at [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/pull/1456](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/pull/1456), which should help with scoping.  There is also a summary of the core work items needed as part of a typical new language in the [New Language Bringup wiki page](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/wiki/New-Language-Bringup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported languages run out of process and communicate over gRPC with the Pulumi engine and resource providers.  The protocol definitions can be found at [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/tree/master/sdk/proto](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/tree/master/sdk/proto) along with the language providers themselves.  You can look at how we added support for Go at [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/pull/1456](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/pull/1456), which should help with scoping.  There is also a summary of the core work items needed as part of adding support for a typical new language on the [New Language Bring Up wiki page](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/wiki/New-Language-Bringup).
```

Reviewer: You went above and beyond the call of duty on the overall edits -- thank you!

## How does Pulumi manage secrets?

> When you set a configuration value, you may pass `--secret` to `pulumi config set` which causes the value to be encrypted so it can be safely persisted in `Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml`. For every stack, pulumi.com manages a unique encryption key, which it uses to encrypt secrets for that stack (and this is configurable to use your own custom secrets provider). Because a different key is used for each stack, encrypting the same value across two different stacks will lead to different encrypted strings being stored in the `Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml` files. This also means that you can not copy an encrypted value from one file to another using a text editor. Instead, you must use `pulumi config set`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you set a configuration value, you may pass `--secret` to `pulumi config set` which causes the value to be encrypted so it can be safely persisted in `Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml`. For every stack, pulumi.com manages a unique encryption key, which it uses to encrypt secrets for that stack (and this is configurable to use your own custom secrets provider). Because a different key is used for each stack, encrypting the same value across two different stacks will lead to different encrypted strings being stored in the `Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml` files. This also means that you cannot copy an encrypted value from one file to another using a text editor. Instead, you must use `pulumi config set`.
```
